Here are three things I learned running
seven marathons on all seven continents
in one week. Number one, Antarctica can
literally make you go blind. With all of
the light reflecting off of the snow,
you can actually suffer snow blindness.
So, I wore these special glacier goggles
to prevent light spill. Number two,
because you basically spend seven days
living on a plane, your feet are prone
to swelling and can change sizes in the
middle of the week. So, I actually
packed multiple pairs of the same shoes
in different sizes. I chose to run in
the Brooks Glycerin Max 2, which are not
only the cushiest shoes I've ever run
in, but also shoes that I trusted to
handle the mileage. Also, I love the
pink and the mid-sole is super stacked,
but tapers off at the toe so that you
still have power with each stride. And
lastly, number three, there is always
more to give. I signed up for this race
and genuinely unsure if I could do it,
but meeting racers like 83-year-old Dan
Little or first-time marathoner Adrian
really proved to me that often my limits
are self-imposed. To see how the race
went, check out the full video on my
YouTube channel now.